add design update per em-pm-pd discussion (#4131)
sourcegraph/handbook: content/departments/engineering/dev/code-graph/code-insights/processes.md

- If one or more issues that were planned for an iteration are looking to **not get finished** (which includes testing) in the [current iteration](https://github.com/orgs/sourcegraph/projects/200/views/1) (while maintaining sustainable work practices) the assignee **raises this as soon as possible asynchronously** to the team (including the PM and EM), e.g. on the GitHub issue or Slack. These issues then **become _proposed_ issues for the next iteration** (meaning nothing carries over automatically, but we also don't just drop and forget missed issues).

## Design planning and process

In addition to the above iteration planning process, we maintain a parallel design planning process as follows using our [design project board](https://github.com/orgs/sourcegraph/projects/200/views/12):

> 1. Anyone on the team can create issues for things that need designs. These issues should be tagged with `needs-design`.

Reviewer: It becomes clear in the last point, but here it's not clear that these issues should be for the design only, especially because they are labelled with "needs design" as opposed to "design" and because it says here "for things that need designs" (i.e. for the things, not for the design itself).

Suggestion:
```suggestion
1. Anyone on the team can create issues for designs. These issues should be tagged with `design` and should link from the design issue to the engineering issue (if there is one yet) and/or vice versa.
```

1. The product manager, engineering manager, and designer meet synchronously once a week to review the design board, which requires aligning on proposed updates and re-prioritizing if over capacity.
   1. To propose an update or add a design issue, an issue labelled `needs-design` should be tagged with the proposed status and a milestone. In the sync, the triad will review all "proposed" issues and either align that the priority and timeline works – in which case, setting them to `TODO` – or discuss and reorder items.
   1. By the end of the planning sync, there should be no design items tagged with the "proposed" status.
1. Issues tagged `needs-design` should only ever have the designer assigned. We do not un-assign the designer and then re-assign engineers; we move the issue to done and create new engineering issues. We do this because:

>    1. Past experience has taught us that this causes confusion as to the status of an issue, as it's possible for an issue to from "in progress" on design back to "todo" on engineering.

Reviewer: I'd add or replace this point with a point about the unclarity of whether only a design or both the design is planned for an iteration
```
1. When we only have one issue for design and engineering work, it is unclear whether both the design and engineering work are expected to be completed in the respective iteration, or only the design. Having separate issues allows to make this clear.
```
